
---
layout: page-sidenav
group: "Chapter. 1"
title: "0. Introduction"
---
- Pattern Recognition means to automatically extract the patterns inherent in the data. Using these patterns, specific tasks such as classification and regression can be performed.

- The result of running the machine learning algorithm can be expressed as a function *y(x)* which takes a new digit image x as input and that generates an output vector *y*, encoded in the same way as the target vectors. The precise form of the function *y(x)* is determined during the **training** phase, also known as the **learning** phase, on the basis of the training data. 

- Once the model is trained it can then determine the identity of new digit images, which are said to comprise a **test set**.

- The ability to categorize correctly new examples that differ from those used for training is known as **generalization**.

- In practical applications, the variability of the input vectors will be such that the training data can comprise only a tiny fraction of all possible input vectors, and so generalization is a central goal in pattern recognition.

- For most practical applications, the original input variables are typically **preprocessed** to transform them into some new space of variables where, it is hoped, the pattern recognition problem will be easier to solve. This pre-processing stage is sometimes also called **feature extraction**. Preprocessing might also be performed in order to speed up computation

! [figure1.1] ({{site.baseurl}} / images / Figure1.1.png) {: class = "center-block" height = "120px"}

- Applications in which the training data comprises examples of the input vectors along with their corresponding target vectors are known as **supervised** learning problems. Cases of supervised learning such as the digit recognition example given above, in which the aim is to assign each input vector to one of a finite number of discrete categories, are called **classification** problems. If the desired output consists of one or more continuous variables, then the task is called **regression**.

- In other pattern recognition problems, the training data consists of a set of input vectors x without any corresponding target values. The goal in such **unsupervised learning** problems may be to discover groups of similar examples within the data, where it is called **clustering**, or to determine the distribution of data within the input space, known as **density estimation**, or to project the data from a high-dimensional space down to two or three dimensions for the purpose of visualization.

- Finally, the technique of **reinforcement learning** is concerned with the problem of finding suitable actions to take in a given situation in order to maximize a reward. Here the learning algorithm is not given examples of optimal outputs, in contrast to supervised learning, but must instead discover them by a process of trial and error. Typically there is a sequence of states and actions in which the learning algorithm is interacting with its environment. In many cases, the current action not only affects the immediate reward but also has an impact on the reward at all subsequent time steps.
- A general feature of reinforcement learning is the trade-off between **exploration**, in which the system tries out new kinds of actions to see how effective they are, and **exploitation**, in which the system makes use of actions that are known to yield a high reward. Too strong a focus on either exploration or exploitation will yield poor results.

## Types of Machine Learning

-**Supervised Learning** 
    Classification, Regression
-**Unsupervised Learning**
    Clustering, Visualization
-**Reinforcement Learning**
    -Finding actions that maximize rewards in a given situation
    Unlike supervised learning, no target value is given.
    -Trade-off problem of Exploration and Exploitation
    -Not covered in this book.
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTU2NzU2NTUxM119
-->